ONLY EVENTS NOT COMPLETE IN MEETUP!

APRIL - 26. april - Max. 300 - Erhvervsakademi Dania - Prinsens Allé 2, 8800 Viborg - Mette Petersen - https://www.linkedin.com/in/mette-petersen-19a2459/
	Foredragsholder 1: Karl Krukow (https://www.linkedin.com/in/krukow/) - Director Software Engineering, Github   Emne/titel: Code scanning with CodeQL: Early, automatic, developer-friendly detection of security vulnerabilities in code
	Foredragsholder 2: Morten von Seelen    Emne/titel: Noget omkring OWASP Mobile Testing Guide

TENTATIVE VIRTUAL MAJ - Maj 24. - Zoom
	Foredragsholder 1: Måske Adam Shostack
	Foredragsholder 2:

JUNI - Tirsdag d. 21. juni - Max. 70. - Eficode - Aabogade 15, 8200 Aarhus N, Denmark - Mads Baggesen
	Foredragsholder 1:  Måske Mikkel Rømer?   Emne/titel: 
	Foredragsholder 2:  Måske Nikolaj?   Emne/titel: 

AUGUST - 30. august - Max. 96 - BankData - Stagehøjvej 30, 8600 Silkeborg - Ronni Laursen - https://www.linkedin.com/in/ronnilaursen/
	Foredragsholder 1: Jesper (BS) Christensen    Emne/titel: 
	Foredragsholder 2:  Thomas Bestseller   Emne/titel: 
	
SEPTEMBER - 29. sept. - Max. 60 - DEIF - Frisenborgvej 33, 7800 Skive - Martin S. Mallan
	Foredragsholder 1:  Helge Jensen (https://www.linkedin.com/in/helgejensen/) Full vertical leader: Business, Technology and Cyber Security-    Emne/titel: Kommer med i relation til 62433
	Foredragsholder 2:  Tentative Claus Ritter (BeumerGroup)   Emne/titel: 

TENTATIVE - OKTOBER - tirsdag d. 25. okt - Max. ?? - Kamstrup Skanderborg - RLP
TENTATIVE - NOVEMBER - Tuesday 29. nov. - OWASP CTF with presentations 
TENTATIVE - JANUAR - Tuesday d. 31. jan.
TENTATIVE - FEB - Tuesday 21st Feb
TENTATIVE - MARCH - Tuesday 28th March

---
"The OWASP Mobile Security Testing framework; how to use it and the consequences of insecure applications in the mobile domain."
Mikkel Rømer, Cyber Security Expert and co-founder of Truesec Denmark and co-chapter lead OWASP Aarhus

About Mikkel:
Mikkel is a cyber security engineer and co-founder of Truesec Denmark. My main focus area is offensive cyber security for breach prevention. This includes penetration testing and adversary emulation within highly complex infrastructures, mobile applications, and web application. Besides offensive cyber engagements I have led and designed thorough security analysis exercises of enterprise applications, including review and guidance within secure development practices.

----
Overskrift 
4 tools to test and increase a company's cyber security posture.

About the presentation 
IT Security is sometimes considered a nuisance, expensive, complicated and hard to improve. In this presentation I will show 4 different tools which are fairly easy to use and can help you significantly increase your resilience to cyber attacks. 
The tools are Nessus, PingCastle, BloodHound and CIS Benchmarks. The presentation is primarily a live demo of each of these tools, while I explain how they work and how they can be used by you as a company, an employee, or external consultant. This should allow you to both test and increase a company's cyber security posture and the reduce the risk and consequence of cyber attack such as ransomware. 

About Jesper
My name is Jesper, I am CEO and Cyber Security Professional at Hydra Cyber Security. I have a Masters degree in Computer Science and Engineering from DTU, with a special focus on Computer Security. Since 2014 I have worked as a consultant testing and advising clients on their security. My focus is offensive security combined client tailored advisory through close collaboration.

---
Navn: Michael Krumbak
Titel: Lead Cyber Security Architect
Organisation: Forsvaret
Præsentation: "Agile & Secure DevOps - a view from the trenches"

Jeg vil tage udgangspunkt i nogle af de udfordringer man - som sikkerhedsprofessionel - står overfor i takt med at organisationen transformeres mod moderne arbejdsmetoder, processer og værktøjer.... og hvordan man kan løse nogle af dem.

----
------------
Title: “Code scanning with CodeQL: Early, automatic, developer-friendly detection of security vulnerabilities in code”

Speaker: Karl Krukow, Director of Software Engineering at GitHub

About the presentation
This talk is an introduction to GitHub code scanning with CodeQL. Code scanning is part of GitHub’s new Advanced Security products. We will give an overview of how code scanning integrates in the developer workflow, and allows automatic detection of security vulnerabilities in code before it hits production. We will also touch upon how security researchers can perform security (variant) analysis on multiple code-bases in parallel to detect new vulnerabilities at scale.

About Karl:
Karl leads a group of engineers building GitHub code scanning. Before joining GitHub, Karl worked at the startup Xamarin on Xamarin Test Cloud, and co-founded LessPainful, a mobile test automation start-up which created the popular open-source mobile test framework, Calabash. Karl graduated with a PhD in Computer Science from University of Aarhus in 2006 and worked several years as a senior consultant before co-founding LessPainful.
-----------
